aanbakken; bakken; aan
aanbelanden; belanden; aan
aanbevelen; bevelen; aan
aanbidden; aanbidden; 
aanbieden; bieden; aan
aanblijven; blijven; aan
aanbreken; breken; aan
aanbrengen; brengen; aan
aandienen; dienen; aan
aandoen; doen; aan
aandragen; dragen; aan
aandrijven; drijven; aan
aandringen; dringen; aan
aanduiden; duiden; aan
aaneendraaien; draaien; aaneen
aangaan; gaan; aan
aangeven; geven; aan
aangrijpen; grijpen; aan
aangroeien; groeien; aan
aanhalen; halen; aan
aanhangen; hangen; aan
aanhebben; hebben; aan
aanhitsen; hitsen; aan
aanhoren; horen; aan
aanhouden; houden; aan
aankijken; kijken; aan
aanklagen; klagen; aan
aankleden; kleden; aan
aanknopen; knopen; aan
aankomen; komen; aan
aankondigen; kondigen; aan
aankopen; kopen; aan
aanlachen; lachen; aan
aanleggen; leggen; aan
aanlengen; lengen; aan
aanleren; leren; aan
aanleveren; leveren; aan
aanliggen; liggen; aan
aanmaken; maken; aan
aanmelden; melden; aan
aanmeren; meren; aan
aanmoedigen; moedigen; aan
aannemen; nemen; aan
aanpakken; pakken; aan
aanpappen; pappen; aan
aanpassen; passen; aan
aanprijzen; prijzen; aan
aanraden; raden; aan
aanraken; raken; aan
aanranden; randen; aan
aanreiken; reiken; aan
aanrichten; richten; aan
aanrijden; rijden; aan
aanroepen; roepen; aan
aanschaffen; schaffen; aan
aanscherpen; scherpen; aan
aanslaan; slaan; aan
aansluiten; sluiten; aan
aanspoelen; spoelen; aan
aansporen; sporen; aan
aanspreken; spreken; aan
aanstaren; staren; aan
aansteken; steken; aan
aanstellen; stellen; aan
aanstormen; stormen; aan
aantasten; tasten; aan
aantonen; tonen; aan
aantreden; treden; aan
aantreffen; treffen; aan
aantrekken; trekken; aan
aanvallen; vallen; aan
aanvangen; vangen; aan
aanvechten; vechten; aan
aanvoegen; voegen; aan
aanvoeren; voeren; aan
aanvragen; vragen; aan
aanvullen; vullen; aan
aanwenden; wenden; aan
aanwijzen; wijzen; aan
aanwinnen; winnen; aan
aanwrijven; wrijven; aan
aanzetten; zetten; aan
aanzien; zien; aan
aanzitten; zitten; aan
aanzwellen; zwellen; aan
achterblijven; blijven; achter
achterlaten; laten; achter
achteromkijken; kijken; achterom
achteropkomen; komen; achterop
achteruitgaan; gaan; achteruit
ademhalen; halen; adem
afbakenen; bakenen; af
afbeelden; beelden; af
afbijten; bijten; af
afblazen; blazen; af
afbreken; breken; af
afbrokkelen; brokkelen; af
afbuigen; buigen; af
afdalen; dalen; af
afdekken; dekken; af
afdingen; dingen; af
afdrogen; drogen; af
afdrukken; drukken; af
afdwalen; dwalen; af
afdwingen; dwingen; af
afgaan; gaan; af
afgelasten; gelasten; af
afgeven; geven; af
afhaken; haken; af
afhakken; hakken; af
afhalen; halen; af
afhandelen; handelen; af
afhangen; hangen; af
afjagen; jagen; af
afkalven; kalven; af
afkeuren; keuren; af
afklemmen; klemmen; af
afkoelen; koelen; af
afkomen; komen; af
afkondigen; kondigen; af
afkopen; kopen; af
afkorten; korten; af
afkussen; kussen; af
afleggen; leggen; af
afleiden; leiden; af
afleren; leren; af
afleveren; leveren; af
aflijven; lijven; af
aflopen; lopen; af
afluisteren; luisteren; af
afmaken; maken; af
afmelden; melden; af
afmeten; meten; af
afmotten; motten; af
afnemen; nemen; af
afpakken; pakken; af
afplatten; platten; af
afraden; raden; af
afranselen; ranselen; af
afremmen; remmen; af
africhten; richten; af
afrollen; rollen; af
afronden; ronden; af
afruimen; ruimen; af
afschaffen; schaffen; af
afscheiden; scheiden; af
afschieten; schieten; af
afschilderen; schilderen; af
afschuren; schuren; af
afslaan; slaan; af
afslachten; slachten; af
afslanken; slanken; af
afsluiten; sluiten; af
afspelen; spelen; af
afspoelen; spoelen; af
afspreken; spreken; af
afstaan; staan; af
afstammen; stammen; af
afsteken; steken; af
afstemmen; stemmen; af
afstempelen; stempelen; af
afstoffen; stoffen; af
afstoten; stoten; af
afstraffen; straffen; af
afstuderen; studeren; af
aftasten; tasten; af
aftreden; treden; af
aftrekken; trekken; af
aftroeven; troeven; af
afvaardigen; vaardigen; af
afvallen; vallen; af
afvoeren; voeren; af
afvuren; vuren; af
afwachten; wachten; af
afwassen; wassen; af
afweren; weren; af
afwerken; werken; af
afwerpen; werpen; af
afwijken; wijken; af
afwijzen; wijzen; af
afwikkelen; wikkelen; af
afwisselen; wisselen; af
afzeggen; zeggen; af
afzenden; zenden; af
afzetten; zetten; af
afzien; zien; af
afzinken; zinken; af
afzoeken; zoeken; af
afzonderen; zonderen; af
afzweren; zweren; af
bedelven; bedelven; 
bederven; bederven; 
bedingen; bedingen; 
bedragen; bedragen; 
bedriegen; bedriegen; 
bedrijven; bedrijven; 
bedwingen; bedwingen; 
beetpakken; pakken; beet
begaan; begaan; 
begeven; begeven; 
beginnen; beginnen; 
begraven; begraven; 
begrijpen; begrijpen; 
behangen; behangen; 
behouden; behouden; 
bejagen; bejagen; 
bekendmaken; maken; bekend
bekijken; bekijken; 
beklimmen; beklimmen; 
bekomen; bekomen; 
bekruipen; bekruipen; 
belezen; belezen; 
belijden; belijden; 
benijden; benijden; 
bergen; bergen; 
beschijnen; beschijnen; 
beschrijven; beschrijven; 
beslaan; beslaan; 
besnijden; besnijden; 
bespreken; bespreken; 
bespringen; bespringen; 
bestaan; bestaan; 
besterven; besterven; 
bestijgen; bestijgen; 
bestrijden; bestrijden; 
bestrijken; bestrijken; 
betreden; betreden; 
betreffen; betreffen; 
betrekken; betrekken; 
bevallen; bevallen; 
bevelen; bevelen; 
bevinden; bevinden; 
bevriezen; bevriezen; 
bewegen; bewegen; 
bewijzen; bewijzen; 
bezien; bezien; 
bezighouden; houden; bezig
bezinnen; bezinnen; 
bezweren; bezweren; 
bezwijken; bezwijken; 
bidden; bidden; 
bieden; bieden; 
bijbrengen; brengen; bij
bijdragen; dragen; bij
bijeenhouden; houden; bijeen
bijeenroepen; roepen; bijeen
bijhouden; houden; bij
bijknippen; knippen; bij
bijspijkeren; spijkeren; bij
bijstaan; staan; bij
bijstellen; stellen; bij
bijtanken; tanken; bij
bijvallen; vallen; bij
bijvoegen; voegen; bij
bijwerken; werken; bij
bijwonen; wonen; bij
bijzetten; zetten; bij
binden; binden; 
binnengaan; gaan; binnen
binnenhalen; halen; binnen
binnenkomen; komen; binnen
binnentrekken; trekken; binnen
binnenvallen; vallen; binnen
blazen; blazen; 
blijken; blijken; 
blijven; blijven; 
blinken; blinken; 
blootleggen; leggen; bloot
blootstellen; stellen; bloot
bovenhalen; halen; boven
brandstichten; stichten; brand
breken; breken; 
buigen; buigen; 
buitensluiten; sluiten; buiten
buitmaken; maken; buit
comazuipen; coma zuipen; 
deelnemen; nemen; deel
delven; delven; 
dichtbinden; binden; dicht
dichtdoen; doen; dicht
diepvriezen; vriezen; diep
dingen; dingen; 
doen; doen; 
doodgaan; gaan; dood
doorbladeren; bladeren; door
doorbreken; breken; door
doorbrengen; brengen; door
doordenken; denken; door
doordringen; dringen; door
doorgaan; gaan; door
doorgeven; geven; door
doorhebben; hebben; door
doorkrijgen; krijgen; door
doorlaten; laten; door
doorlopen; doorlopen; 
doorprikken; prikken; door
doorschakelen; schakelen; door
doorsnijden; snijden; door
doorspoelen; spoelen; door
doorstaan; doorstaan; 
doorsturen; sturen; door
doortikken; tikken; door
doorvertellen; vertellen; door
doorvoeren; voeren; door
doorwerken; werken; door
doorzetten; zetten; door
doorzien; doorzien; 
dragen; dragen; 
drijven; drijven; 
dringen; dringen; 
drinken; drinken; 
droogleggen; leggen; droog
druipen; druipen; 
duiken; duiken; 
dwarszitten; zitten; dwars
dwingen; dwingen; 
ervaren; ervaren; 
flauwvallen; vallen; flauw
gaan; gaan; 
gebieden; gebieden; 
gelden; gelden; 
gelijken; gelijken; 
genezen; genezen; 
geruststellen; stellen; gerust
gevangenzetten; zetten; gevangen
geven; geven; 
glijden; glijden; 
glimmen; glimmen; 
goedkeuren; keuren; goed
graven; graven; 
grijpen; grijpen; 
grootbrengen; brengen; groot
hangen; hangen; 
hardlopen; lopen; hard
hebben; hebben; 
heffen; heffen; 
helpen; helpen; 
herkrijgen; herkrijgen; 
herwinnen; herwinnen; 
herzien; herzien; 
hijsen; hijsen; 
houden; houden; 
houwen; houwen; 
huishouden; houden; huis
inbakeren; bakeren; in
inblikken; blikken; in
inboeten; boeten; in
inburgeren; burgeren; in
indelen; delen; in
indienen; dienen; in
indrukken; drukken; in
induiken; duiken; in
inenten; enten; in
ingaan; gaan; in
ingeven; geven; in
ingieten; gieten; in
ingraven; graven; in
ingrijpen; grijpen; in
inhouden; houden; in
inhuldigen; huldigen; in
inklappen; klappen; in
inklokken; klokken; in
inkomen; komen; in
inkrimpen; krimpen; in
inladen; laden; in
inlassen; lassen; in
inleiden; leiden; in
inleveren; leveren; in
inlichten; lichten; in
inlijven; lijven; in
inloggen; loggen; in
inlossen; lossen; in
inluiden; luiden; in
innemen; nemen; in
inpakken; pakken; in
inparkeren; parkeren; in
inrichten; richten; in
inroepen; roepen; in
inschakelen; schakelen; in
inschatten; schatten; in
inschenken; schenken; in
inschrijven; schrijven; in
inslaan; slaan; in
inslapen; slapen; in
insluipen; sluipen; in
insluiten; sluiten; in
insmeren; smeren; in
inspannen; spannen; in
inspreken; spreken; in
inspringen; springen; in
inspuiten; spuiten; in
instappen; stappen; in
insteken; steken; in
instellen; stellen; in
instemmen; stemmen; in
instinken; stinken; in
instorten; storten; in
instuderen; studeren; in
intikken; tikken; in
intomen; tomen; in
intrappen; trappen; in
intreden; treden; in
intrekken; trekken; in
intypen; typen; in
invallen; vallen; in
invangen; vangen; in
invoeren; voeren; in
invriezen; vriezen; in
invullen; vullen; in
inwerpen; werpen; in
inwijden; wijden; in
inwilligen; willigen; in
inzenden; zenden; in
inzetten; zetten; in
inzien; zien; in
inzitten; zitten; in
inzoomen; zoomen; in
jagen; jagen; 
kennismaken; maken; kennis
kiezen; kiezen; 
kijken; kijken; 
klaarkomen; komen; klaar
klieven; klieven; 
klimmen; klimmen; 
klinken; klinken; 
kluiven; kluiven; 
knijpen; knijpen; 
komen; komen; 
kortsluiten; sluiten; kort
krijgen; krijgen; 
krijsen; krijsen; 
krimpen; krimpen; 
kruipen; kruipen; 
kunnen; kunnen; 
kwaadspreken; spreken; kwaad
leeglopen; lopen; leeg
leegmaken; maken; leeg
lesgeven; geven; les
lezen; lezen; 
liefhebben; hebben; lief
liegen; liegen; 
liggen; liggen; 
lijden; lijden; 
lijken; lijken; 
liplezen; lezen; lip
lopen; lopen; 
loslaten; laten; los
losmaken; maken; los
lostrekken; trekken; los
luiken; luiken; 
meebetalen; betalen; mee
meebrengen; brengen; mee
meedelen; delen; mee
meedoen; doen; mee
meekomen; komen; mee
meeleveren; leveren; mee
meemaken; maken; mee
meenemen; nemen; mee
meetronen; tronen; mee
meevallen; vallen; mee
meewerken; werken; mee
melken; melken; 
mijden; mijden; 
misprijzen; misprijzen; 
mogen; mogen; 
nabootsen; bootsen; na
nadenken; denken; na
nadoen; doen; na
nagaan; gaan; na
nahouden; houden; na
najagen; jagen; na
nalaten; laten; na
naleven; leven; na
nastreven; streven; na
navolgen; volgen; na
neerbuigen; buigen; neer
neergooien; gooien; neer
neerkijken; kijken; neer
neerleggen; leggen; neer
neerschrijven; schrijven; neer
neerslaan; slaan; neer
neersteken; steken; neer
neerstorten; storten; neer
neerzetten; zetten; neer
neerzien; zien; neer
nemen; nemen; 
nijgen; nijgen; 
ombrengen; brengen; om
omdraaien; draaien; om
omgaan; gaan; om
omgeven; omgeven; 
omkeren; keren; om
omkleden; kleden; om
omkomen; komen; om
omkopen; kopen; om
omleiden; leiden; om
omlopen; lopen; om
omrekenen; rekenen; om
omrijden; rijden; om
omroepen; roepen; om
omschrijven; omschrijven; 
omslaan; slaan; om
omtoveren; toveren; om
omvallen; vallen; om
omverwerpen; werpen; omver
omvormen; vormen; om
omwaaien; waaien; om
omwinden; omwinden; 
omzetten; zetten; om
omzwerven; omzwerven; 
onderbreken; onderbreken; 
onderbrengen; brengen; onder
onderdompelen; dompelen; onder
ondergaan; ondergaan; 
ondergraven; graven; onder
onderhouden; onderhouden; 
onderlopen; lopen; onder
ondernemen; ondernemen; 
ondervinden; ondervinden; 
ondervragen; ondervragen; 
onderwerpen; onderwerpen; 
onderwijzen; onderwijzen; 
ontbieden; ontbieden; 
ontbinden; ontbinden; 
ontbreken; ontbreken; 
ontduiken; ontduiken; 
ontgaan; ontgaan; 
ontginnen; ontginnen; 
onthouden; onthouden; 
ontkomen; ontkomen; 
ontlopen; ontlopen; 
ontluiken; ontluiken; 
ontnemen; ontnemen; 
ontslaan; ontslaan; 
ontspringen; ontspringen; 
ontstaan; ontstaan; 
ontsteken; ontsteken; 
onttrekken; onttrekken; 
ontvangen; ontvangen; 
ontwerpen; ontwerpen; 
ontwijken; ontwijken; 
ontzeggen; ontzeggen; 
ontzien; ontzien; 
opbellen; bellen; op
opbiechten; biechten; op
opbiepen; biepen; op
opblazen; blazen; op
opbloeien; bloeien; op
opbouwen; bouwen; op
opbrengen; brengen; op
opdagen; dagen; op
opdelen; delen; op
opdienen; dienen; op
opdoeken; doeken; op
opdoen; doen; op
opdonderen; donderen; op
opdragen; dragen; op
opdraven; draven; op
opdringen; dringen; op
opduiken; duiken; op
opeenhopen; hopen; opeen
opeisen; eisen; op
openbloeien; bloeien; open
opendoen; doen; open
opengaan; gaan; open
opensperren; sperren; open
opeten; eten; op
opfleuren; fleuren; op
opfokken; fokken; op
opfrissen; frissen; op
opgaan; gaan; op
opgeven; geven; op
ophalen; halen; op
ophangen; hangen; op
opheffen; heffen; op
ophelderen; helderen; op
ophoesten; hoesten; op
ophogen; hogen; op
ophopen; hopen; op
ophouden; houden; op
opjutten; jutten; op
opkalefateren; kalefateren; op
opkijken; kijken; op
opklaren; klaren; op
opklimmen; klimmen; op
opknappen; knappen; op
opkomen; komen; op
opkrikken; krikken; op
oplaaien; laaien; op
opladen; laden; op
opleggen; leggen; op
opleiden; leiden; op
opletten; letten; op
opleven; leven; op
opleveren; leveren; op
oplichten; lichten; op
oplopen; lopen; op
oplossen; lossen; op
opmaken; maken; op
opmerken; merken; op
opnemen; nemen; op
opnoemen; noemen; op
opnommen; nommen; op
oppakken; pakken; op
oppassen; passen; op
oppikken; pikken; op
oppoetsen; poetsen; op
opraken; raken; op
oprapen; rapen; op
oprichten; richten; op
oprijzen; rijzen; op
oproepen; roepen; op
oprollen; rollen; op
oprotten; rotten; op
opruimen; ruimen; op
oprukken; rukken; op
opschepen; schepen; op
opschieten; schieten; op
opschorten; schorten; op
opschrijven; schrijven; op
opschrikken; schrikken; op
opschudden; schuden; op
opslaan; slaan; op
opsluiten; sluiten; op
opsnuiven; snuiven; op
opsodemieteren; sodemieteren; op
opspannen; spannen; op
opsporen; sporen; op
opspringen; springen; op
opstaan; staan; op
opstapelen; stapelen; op
opstappen; stappen; op
opstellen; stellen; op
opstijgen; stijgen; op
opsturen; sturen; op
optekenen; tekenen; op
optellen; tellen; op
optillen; tillen; op
optreden; treden; op
optrekken; trekken; op
opvallen; vallen; op
opvangen; vangen; op
opvatten; vatten; op
opvissen; vissen; op
opvoeden; voeden; op
opvoeren; voeren; op
opvolgen; volgen; op
opvullen; vullen; op
opwaarderen; waarderen; op
opwekken; wekken; op
opwinden; winden; op
opzadelen; zadelen; op
opzetten; zetten; op
opzoeken; zoeken; op
opzouten; zouten; op
opzwellen; zwellen; op
overbieden; overbieden; 
overblijven; blijven; over
overbrengen; brengen; over
overdoen; doen; over
overdragen; dragen; over
overdrijven; overdrijven; 
overeenkomen; komen; overeen
overeenstemmen; stemmen; overeen
overgaan; gaan; over
overgeven; geven; over
overgooien; gooien; over
overhalen; halen; over
overkomen; komen; over
overleveren; leveren; over
overlijden; overlijden; 
overlopen; lopen; over
overmaken; maken; over
overnemen; nemen; over
overrijden; overrijden; 
overschakelen; schakelen; over
overschrijden; overschrijden; 
overschrijven; schrijven; over
overslaan; slaan; over
overstappen; stappen; over
oversteken; steken; over
overstijgen; overstijgen; 
overstromen; stromen; over
overtreden; overtreden; 
overtreffen; overtreffen; 
overvallen; overvallen; 
overwegen; overwegen; 
overwinnen; overwinnen; 
overzetten; zetten; over
plaatsvinden; vinden; plaats
platbranden; branden; plat
prijzen; prijzen; 
rieken; rieken; 
rijden; rijden; 
rijgen; rijgen; 
rijzen; rijzen; 
roepen; roepen; 
ronddraven; draven; rond
rondhangen; hangen; rond
rondlopen; lopen; rond
rondscharrelen; scharrelen; rond
rondtrekken; trekken; rond
rondzweven; zweven; rond
ruiken; ruiken; 
samendrukken; drukken; samen
samenhangen; hangen; samen
samenkomen; komen; samen
samenleven; leven; samen
samenroepen; roepen; samen
samensmelten; smelten; samen
samenstellen; stellen; samen
samentrekken; trekken; samen
samenvatten; vatten; samen
samenvoegen; voegen; samen
samenwerken; werken; samen
samenzweren; zweren; samen
schelden; schelden; 
schenden; schenden; 
schenken; schenken; 
scheppen; scheppen; 
scheren; scheren; 
schijnen; schijnen; 
schoonmaken; maken; schoon
schoonwassen; wassen; schoon
schrijden; schrijden; 
schrijven; schrijven; 
schrikken; schrikken; 
schuilen; schuilen; 
schuiven; schuiven; 
slaan; slaan; 
slapen; slapen; 
slijpen; slijpen; 
slinken; slinken; 
sluipen; sluipen; 
snijden; snijden; 
snuiven; snuiven; 
spinnen; spinnen; 
spreken; spreken; 
springen; springen; 
staan; staan; 
steken; steken; 
stelen; stelen; 
sterven; sterven; 
stijgen; stijgen; 
stilstaan; staan; stil
stinken; stinken; 
strijden; strijden; 
strijken; strijken; 
stuiven; stuiven; 
tandenpoetsen; poetsen; tanden
tegemoetkomen; komen; tegemoet
tegengaan; gaan; tegen
tegenhouden; houden; tegen
tegenkomen; komen; tegen
tegenspreken; spreken; tegen
tegenvallen; vallen; tegen
tegenwerken; werken; tegen
teleurstellen; stellen; teleur
teloorgaan; gaan; teloor
terechtkomen; komen; terecht
terechtstellen; stellen; terecht
terugbellen; bellen; terug
terugbrengen; brengen; terug
terugdringen; dringen; terug
teruggaan; gaan; terug
teruggeven; geven; terug
terughalen; halen; terug
terugkaatsen; kaatsen; terug
terugkeren; keren; terug
terugkijken; kijken; terug
terugkomen; komen; terug
terugkrijgen; krijgen; terug
teruglopen; lopen; terug
terugspoelen; spoelen; terug
terugstellen; stellen; terug
terugsturen; sturen; terug
terugtreden; treden; terug
terugtrekken; trekken; terug
terugvallen; vallen; terug
terugvinden; vinden; terug
terugvliegen; vliegen; terug
terugwinnen; winnen; terug
terugzetten; zetten; terug
terugzien; zien; terug
teweegbrengen; brengen; teweeg
thuisbezorgen; bezorgen; thuis
thuiskomen; komen; thuis
toebehoren; behoren; toe
toebijten; bijten; toe
toebrengen; brengen; toe
toedenken; denken; toe
toedichten; dichten; toe
toedienen; dienen; toe
toedoen; doen; toe
toegeven; geven; toe
toejuichen; juichen; toe
toekennen; kennen; toe
toekijken; kijken; toe
toelaten; laten; toe
toelichten; lichten; toe
toelopen; lopen; toe
toenemen; nemen; toe
toepassen; passen; toe
toeschrijven; schrijven; toe
toeslaan; slaan; toe
toestaan; staan; toe
toestemmen; stemmen; toe
toetreden; treden; toe
toevertrouwen; vertrouwen; toe
toevoegen; voegen; toe
toewensen; wensen; toe
toewijden; wijden; toe
toewijzen; wijzen; toe
toezeggen; zeggen; toe
treden; treden; 
treffen; treffen; 
trekken; trekken; 
tussenkomen; komen; tussen
tussenwerpen; werpen; tussen
uitademen; ademen; uit
uitbarsten; barsten; uit
uitbaten; baten; uit
uitbeelden; beelden; uit
uitbesteden; besteden; uit
uitbetalen; betalen; uit
uitblazen; blazen; uit
uitblijven; blijven; uit
uitblinken; blinken; uit
uitbotten; botten; uit
uitbraken; braken; uit
uitbranden; branden; uit
uitbreiden; breiden; uit
uitbrengen; brengen; uit
uitbroeden; broeden; uit
uitbuiten; buiten; uit
uitdagen; dagen; uit
uitdelen; delen; uit
uitdelgen; delgen; uit
uitdenken; denken; uit
uitdijen; dijen; uit
uitdoen; doen; uit
uitdossen; dossen; uit
uitdoven; doven; uit
uitdragen; dragen; uit
uitdrogen; drogen; uit
uitdrukken; drukken; uit
uiteenlopen; lopen; uiteen
uiteenvallen; vallen; uiteen
uitflappen; flappen; uit
uitgaan; gaan; uit
uitgeven; geven; uit
uitglijden; glijden; uit
uitgooien; gooien; uit
uitgraven; graven; uit
uitgroeien; groeien; uit
uithalen; halen; uit
uithouden; houden; uit
uithouwen; houwen; uit
uithuwelijken; huwelijken; uit
uithuwen; huwen; uit
uitkeren; keren; uit
uitkiezen; kiezen; uit
uitkijken; kijken; uit
uitklappen; klappen; uit
uitkleden; kleden; uit
uitkomen; komen; uit
uitkuren; kuren; uit
uitlachen; lachen; uit
uitladen; laden; uit
uitlaten; laten; uit
uitleggen; leggen; uit
uitlekken; lekken; uit
uitlenen; lenen; uit
uitleveren; leveren; uit
uitlezen; lezen; uit
uitloggen; loggen; uit
uitlokken; lokken; uit
uitlopen; lopen; uit
uitloven; loven; uit
uitmaken; maken; uit
uitmonden; monden; uit
uitnemen; nemen; uit
uitnodigen; nodigen; uit
uitoefenen; oefenen; uit
uitpakken; pakken; uit
uitpluizen; pluizen; uit
uitproberen; proberen; uit
uitputten; putten; uit
uitrazen; razen; uit
uitreiken; reiken; uit
uitrekken; rekken; uit
uitrichten; richten; uit
uitroeien; roeien; uit
uitroepen; roepen; uit
uitrollen; rollen; uit
uitrukken; rukken; uit
uitrusten; rusten; uit
uitschakelen; schakelen; uit
uitscheiden; scheiden; uit
uitschelden; schelden; uit
uitschijnen; schijnen; uit
uitschrijven; schrijven; uit
uitslaan; slaan; uit
uitslapen; slapen; uit
uitslijpen; slijpen; uit
uitsluiten; sluiten; uit
uitsparen; sparen; uit
uitspoelen; spoelen; uit
uitspreken; spreken; uit
uitstaan; staan; uit
uitstappen; stappen; uit
uitsteken; steken; uit
uitstellen; stellen; uit
uitsterven; sterven; uit
uitstorten; storten; uit
uitstoten; stoten; uit
uitstralen; stralen; uit
uitstrekken; strekken; uit
uittikken; tikken; uit
uittrekken; trekken; uit
uitvaardigen; vaardigen; uit
uitvallen; vallen; uit
uitvechten; vechten; uit
uitvergroten; vergroten; uit
uitverkopen; verkopen; uit
uitvinden; vinden; uit
uitvloeien; vloeien; uit
uitvoeren; voeren; uit
uitwaaieren; waaieren; uit
uitwerken; werken; uit
uitwerpen; werpen; uit
uitwijken; wijken; uit
uitwijzen; wijzen; uit
uitwisselen; wisselen; uit
uitwringen; wringen; uit
uitzenden; zenden; uit
uitzetten; zetten; uit
uitzien; zien; uit
uitzoeken; zoeken; uit
uitzonderen; zonderen; uit
uitzoomen; zoomen; uit
uitzweten; zweten; uit
vallen; vallen; 
valsspelen; spelen; vals
vangen; vangen; 
varen; varen; 
vastbinden; binden; vast
vasthouden; houden; vast
vastleggen; leggen; vast
vastlopen; lopen; vast
vastmaken; maken; vast
vastplakken; plakken; vast
vaststellen; stellen; vast
vastzitten; zitten; vast
verbergen; verbergen; 
verbieden; verbieden; 
verbinden; verbinden; 
verblijven; verblijven; 
verbreken; verbreken; 
verbuigen; verbuigen; 
verdoen; verdoen; 
verdragen; verdragen; 
verdrijven; verdrijven; 
verdringen; verdringen; 
verdrinken; verdrinken; 
verdwijnen; verdwijnen; 
vergaan; vergaan; 
vergelden; vergelden; 
vergelijken; vergelijken; 
vergeven; vergeven; 
verglijden; verglijden; 
vergrijpen; vergrijpen; 
verhangen; verhangen; 
verheffen; verheffen; 
verhelpen; verhelpen; 
verjagen; verjagen; 
verkiezen; verkiezen; 
verkrijgen; verkrijgen; 
verliezen; verliezen; 
verlopen; verlopen; 
vermijden; vermijden; 
vermogen; vermogen; 
vernemen; vernemen; 
verraden; verraden; 
verrijzen; verrijzen; 
verschijnen; verschijnen; 
verschrikken; verschrikken; 
verschuilen; verschuilen; 
verschuiven; verschuiven; 
verslaan; verslaan; 
verslinden; verslinden; 
versmelten; versmelten; 
verstaan; verstaan; 
verstrijken; verstrijken; 
vertrekken; vertrekken; 
vervallen; vervallen; 
vervangen; vervangen; 
vervliegen; vervliegen; 
verwerpen; verwerpen; 
verwerven; verwerven; 
verwijzen; verwijzen; 
verwringen; verwringen; 
verzenden; verzenden; 
verzinken; verzinken; 
verzinnen; verzinnen; 
verzuipen; verzuipen; 
verzwinden; verzwinden; 
vinden; vinden; 
vlieden; vlieden; 
vliegen; vliegen; 
voldoen; voldoen; 
volhouden; houden; vol
vollopen; lopen; vol
volstaan; volstaan; 
voltrekken; voltrekken; 
voorafgaan; gaan; vooraf
voorbehouden; behouden; voor
voorbereiden; bereiden; voor
voorbijgaan; gaan; voorbij
voorbijkomen; komen; voorbij
voordoen; doen; voor
voordragen; dragen; voor
voorgaan; gaan; voor
voorhangen; hangen; voor
voorkomen; komen; voor
voorlezen; lezen; voor
voorschieten; schieten; voor
voorschrijven; schrijven; voor
voorstaan; staan; voor
voorstellen; stellen; voor
voortborduren; borduren; voort
voortbrengen; brengen; voort
voortdrijven; drijven; voort
voortgaan; gaan; voort
voortkomen; komen; voort
voortschrijden; schrijden; voort
voortzetten; zetten; voort
vooruitblikken; blikken; vooruit
vooruitspoelen; spoelen; vooruit
voorzetten; zetten; voor
voorzien; voorzien; 
voorzijn; zijn; voor
vragen; vragen; 
vreemdgaan; gaan; vreemd
vriezen; vriezen; 
vrijen; vrijen; 
vrijgeven; geven; vrij
vrijlaten; laten; vrij
vrijmaken; maken; vrij
vrijpleiten; pleiten; vrij
vrijspreken; spreken; vrij
waarnemen; nemen; waar
weergeven; geven; weer
weerhouden; weerhouden; 
weerstaan; weerstaan; 
wegdoen; doen; weg
wegebben; ebben; weg
wegen; wegen; 
weggaan; gaan; weg
weggeven; geven; weg
weggooien; gooien; weg
weghalen; halen; weg
wegkwijnen; kwijnen; weg
weglaten; laten; weg
wegnemen; nemen; weg
wegsluipen; sluipen; weg
wegstoppen; stoppen; weg
wegsturen; sturen; weg
wegvagen; vagen; weg
wegvallen; vallen; weg
wegvliegen; vliegen; weg
wegvoeren; voeren; weg
wegwerken; werken; weg
wegwezen; zijn; weg
wegzetten; zetten; weg
welvaren; varen; wel
werpen; werpen; 
werven; werven; 
wezen; zijn; 
wijken; wijken; 
wijzen; wijzen; 
willen; willen; 
winden; winden; 
winnen; winnen; 
witwassen; wassen; wit
worden; worden; 
wrijven; wrijven; 
wringen; wringen; 
wuiven; wuiven; 
zeggen; zeggen; 
zenden; zenden; 
zich_aangorden; gorden; aan
zich_afvragen; vragen; af
zich_begeven; begeven; 
zich_gedragen; gedragen; 
zich_indenken; denken; in
zich_inlaten; laten; in
zich_verslapen; verslapen; 
zieden; zieden; 
zien; zien; 
zijgen; zijgen; 
zijn; zijn; 
zingen; zingen; 
zinken; zinken; 
zuigen; zuigen; 
zuipen; zuipen; 
zullen; zullen; 
zwartmaken; maken; zwart
zwellen; zwellen; 
zwemmen; zwemmen; 
zweren; zweren; 
zwerven; zwerven; 
zwijgen; zwijgen; 
zwinden; zwinden; 
